1. What is Python?
>> Python is a high-level, interpreted, interactive, and object-oriented scripting language. It uses English keywords frequently. Whereas, other languages use punctuation, Python has fewer syntactic constructions.
Python is designed to be highly readable and compatible with different platforms such as Mac, Windows, Linux, Raspberry Pi, etc.

2. What are the supported standard data types in Python?
>>The supported standard data types in Python include
Lists
Numbers
Strings
Dictionaries
Tuples

3. Define a function in Python.
>>A block of code that is executed when it is called is defined as a function. The keyword def is used to define a Python function.

4. What are relational operators, assignment operators, and membership operators?
>>The purpose of relational operators is to compare values. 
The assignment operators in Python can help in combining all the arithmetic operators with the assignment symbol.
Membership operators in Python with the purpose to validate the membership of a value in a sequence.

5.Is Python case-sensitive?
>>A language is case-sensitive if it distinguishes between identifiers like myname and Myname. 
In other words, it cares about case- lowercase or uppercase. Let’s try this with Python

6. What Is A Tuple In Python?
>>A tuple is a collection type data structure in Python which is immutable.
They are similar to sequences, just like the lists. However, There are some differences between a tuple and list; the former doesn’t allow modifications whereas the list does.
Also, the tuples use parentheses for enclosing, but the lists have square brackets in their syntax.

7. What is different between List and Tuple?
>>Lists and Tuples store one or more objects or values in a specific order. 
The objects stored in a list or tuple can be of any type including the nothing type defined by the None Keyword.
The main difference between lists and a tuples is the fact that lists are mutable whereas tuples are immutable

8.What are types of Operator are used in Python? 
>>Arithmetic Operators
Comparison Operators
Python Assignment Operators
Logical Operators or Bitwise Operators
Membership Operators
Identity Operators

9.When do you choose a list over a tuple?
>>When there is an immutable ordered list of elements we choose tuple. Because we cannot add/remove an element from the tuple. 
On the other hand, we can add elements to a list using append () or extend() or insert(), etc., and delete elements from a list using remove() or pop().
Simple tuples are immutable, and lists are not.

10.What Is A String In Python?
>>A string in Python is a sequence of alpha-numeric characters. They are immutable objects. It means that they don’t allow modification once they get assigned a value.
Python provides several methods, such as join(), replace(), or split() to alter strings. 
But none of these change the original object.

11.How To Determine The Size Of Your List in Python?
>>You can pass your list to the len() function to get the length of your list back.

12.How does For loop and While loop differ in Python and when do you choose to use them?
>For loop is generally used to iterate through the elements of various collection types such as List, Tuple, Set, and Dictionary.
While loop is the actual looping feature that is used in any other programming language. This is how Python differs in handling loops from the other 
programming languages.

13. What Does The Continue Do In Python? 
>>The continue is a jump statement in Python which moves the control to execute the next iteration in a loop leaving all the remaining instructions in the block unexecuted.
The continue statement is applicable for both the “while” and “for” loops.

14.What Is The Difference Between Pass And Continue In Python? 
>The continue statement makes the loop to resume from the next iteration.
 On the contrary, the pass statement instructs to do nothing, and the remainder of the code executes as usual.
 
15.When Should You Use The “Break” In Python? 
 >>Python provides a break statement to exit from a loop. Whenever the break hits in the code, the control of the program immediately exits from the body of the loop.
 The break statement in a nested loop causes the control to exit from the inner iterative block.
 
16. Mention the use of the split functio0n in Python?
 >>The use of the split function in Python is that it breaks a string into shorter strings using the defined separator. It gives a list of all words present in the string.
 
17.What Is A Function In Python Programming?
 >> A function is an object which represents a block of code and is a reusable entity. It brings modularity to a program and a higher degree of code reusability.
Python has given us many built-in functions such as print() and provides the ability to create user-defined functions.

18.What Is The Return Keyword Used For In Python? 
>>The purpose of a function is to receive the inputs and return some output.
The return is a Python statement which we can use in a function for sending a value back to its caller.

19. What is *args and **kwargs?
>>*args is used when the programmer is not sure about how many arguments are going to be passed to a function, or if the programmer is expecting a list or a tuple as argument to the function.
 **kwargs is used when a dictionary (keyword arguments) is expected as an argument to the function.
 
20. What is a Counter in Python? 
 >> The function Counter() from the module ‘collections’. It counts the number of occurrences of the elements of a container.
